---
title: 'Why We’re Building Canada’s Most Secure AI Voice Agent for Healthcare'
date: 2025-07-21
permalink: /posts/2025/07/why-roseline/
tags:
  - roseline-ai
  - healthcare
  - canada
---

Every year, Canadians make half a billion phone calls to their healthcare providers and payers. Phones are still the backbone of how we coordinate care. Yet, they’re the source of much pain for everyone involved.

Patients are frustrated with excessively long wait times and front desk staff are overwhelmed by routine, high-volume calls – driving one of the highest staff turnover rates for any job.

We saw a rare win-win: a way to help both patients and providers at once. So we set out to tackle this problem head on.

Most people know us as the team that developed the first AI for understanding babies’ sounds and voices. We partnered for years with leading children’s hospitals around the world, gathering the largest clinical database of infants’ voices to build our models.

Even after scaling that product to half a million users, the most requested feature was simple: connect me to a provider. I remember thinking: why don’t they just go see their own doctor?

As we dug deeper, it became clear that patients are struggling to get care in a timely fashion. Meanwhile, providers are doing their best and still falling behind.

This should not be the experience that defines Canadian healthcare in 2025.

Working closely with Canada’s AI powerhouses, Mila - Quebec Artificial Intelligence Institute and Vector Institute, we’re now helping providers across the country to deliver the patient experience they always wished they could.

We built Roseline AI, a specialty-specific AI voice agent tailored to the strict safety requirements of healthcare. 

Today, when you call your doctor's office, you’ll likely hear Roseline’s voice, friendly, warm, humanlike. If you need an appointment, she’ll get you one in a minute instead of 30. She’ll give you updates on your prescription refills, and let you know when your labs are ready. She’ll be there regardless of whether you call at midday or midnight.

Roseline is live across Canada, expanding access for tens of thousands of patients. If you're interested in partnering on this mission, let’s connect!

Shout out to all the forward thinking Canadian physicians, who have been with us on this journey: Ganesh Srinivasan, Niraj Mistry, Dr Eyenimi Ndiomu, Mary Brindle, Luke Kyne, Ilan Shahin, Francis Okwerekwu and many more!

And big cheers to our advisors and investors: Yoshua Bengio, Doina Precup, Jeff Dean, Hugo Larochelle, Marc G. Bellemare, Pieter Abbeel, Radical Ventures, AIX Ventures.
